Implement `dnsimple_domain_delegation` resource (#99)
dnsimple/terraform-provider-dnsimple: docs/resources/domain_delegation.md

---
page_title: "DNSimple: dnsimple_domain_delegation"
---

# dnsimple\_domain\_delegation

Provides a DNSimple domain delegation resource.

> This resource works differently to other resources. It does not create a new resource, but instead updates the existing domain delegation. This is because the domain delegation is a property of the domain, not a separate resource. When this resource is destroyed, only the Terraform state is removed; the domain delegation is left intact and unmanaged by Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource allows you to control the delegation records (name servers) for a domain.

~> **Note:** This resource currently only supports the management of domains that are registered with DNSimple.
-> **Note:** When this resource is destroyed, only the Terraform state is removed; the domain delegation is left intact and unmanaged by Terraform.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Create a domain delegation
resource "dnsimple_domain_delegation" "foobar" {
  id = "${var.dnsimple.domain}"

>   name_servers = ["example.org", "example.com"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name_servers = ["ns1.example.org", "ns2.example.com"]
```

}
```

## Argument Reference

The following argument(s) are supported:

> * `id` - (Required) The domain ID.

Reviewer: We should change this as per the design to be called `domain`.
